Well, good evening family. Thank you for joining me again tonight.
I am just going to pray for a little bit before President Trump gives his speech.
I felt to pray for him, for his mind to be clear, for him to say the things that are on his heart, not just what he wants to do for the nation, but that we would pray for him, that he would have clarity of thought and that there would be no interruption from the demonic.
The spiritual warfare, I am sure, is very intense on such a speech.
The nations are watching is what I am trying to say. There is a glare on my lens tonight.
I wonder what that is. That is weird. Can you make that go away?
Maybe. It makes my eye show in that lens. And that is strange.
I do not like looking at my eyeballs. Looking at my eyeballs as I am looking at that is creepy.
I am trying to duck out of it. I do not want to look at it. Okay, keep looking.
Is he gone? Yeah. I do not see me anymore. I think it is the way it was angled.
Thanks, I appreciate that. Let us see. Okay, fix it. Good. I do not see me anymore.
Well, okay. So, let us go over some of the things I saw last time really quickly.
Yesterday, I told Diana, I said, "It is fun because whenever you are so open about everything that we go through, because the Lord said, Brandon, I want you to teach my people by example of how you got there, how I go into the throne room, and how I sit with him."And regardless if people want to believe it or not, I want to tell you all, I know I am not perfect by any means, but I feel like of anybody that I have ever watched on YouTube, I do not see much of it, but I can tell you of two or three people that I know have a real close relationship with the Father.
And I always come at it saying it like this to be as humble as you can, because he resists the proud.
But whenever I tell you I see angels and I see what I see, how do I say that?
It is more real to me than my son sitting across the table right here with his computer. The supernatural is more real to me than the natural.
And whenever the Lord talks to me and I have these conversations, he says, "Brandon, I want you to teach people prayer.
I want you to teach them how to dip in the rivers, how to flow with my spirit.
You are a forerunner to what is about to happen with this next move in the glory."A voice crying in the wilderness telling them what is coming, they must be prepared.
So in doing so, my method maybe is not always the best method, but it is stripping myself away of any pride, of any kind of self-exhortation of trying to make myself, it is like humble yourself underneath the mighty hand of God. And that is the bottom line.
What I am telling you when I read these books like this, the only way you are ever going to go to the greater glory is to be refined, being a janitor for 15 years, raising a child with special needs, doing the things that it takes to really tell your flesh to shut up when it comes to certain areas right now.
Obviously, I have certain things to work on, but as I work on it and I go from glory to glory, entering into his presence is, I do not want to say it is an algorithm because that is disrespectful because you know, God is not going to be put in a box.
But you enter into his presence with thanksgiving and worship. You enter in by the word. You enter in by just being real.
There is so much charismatic Hollywood that the Lord said, "I am done with it."And I have tried so hard to tell you what is on his heart for what I hear.
And I only hear in part and sing in part. God is vast. Brandon Biggs only gets a little bitty glimpse.
And the little glimpse I get will change your life forever like it has done me when you have these visitations and the manifestations in my house around me in the car.
And I try to always cultivate his presence by making it easy for him to feel comfortable in my home.
Like I said, the eyes of the Lord are running to and fro throughout the whole earth looking for a heart who is perfect towards him.
And I think what does it take? What does that look like? What does it take to be like David, a man after his own heart? So, I look at David and what the Bible tells us about David.
And I look at the ones that he called friends like Abraham and I say, if that is what he called a friend, how do I mirror myself off of not all the bad things they did, but what was the good that I can see in the glimpse of just these pages right here?
And I say if this is what he was looking for and he says, "Man, that made me happy,"when it talks about being the apple of his eye.
And Kathryn Kuhlman I looked at as a woman as a pioneer of her day and there are people that don't like Kathryn Kuhlman, I really do not care what you like, she has changed my life.
I watch her videos and she is a woman of course, but she was a woman in a time frame in the 50s or whatever, 40s that it was not popular to be a woman preacher.
Still they try to persecute you now, but Joyce Meyer and people like that have paved the way more for females to be able to speak like Nancy Dufresne and people like that.
Sister Billy, you know, and it was not always popular and sometimes it is still not in some circles, but she was a pioneer. Sister Woodworth-Etter, Amy Semphle McPherson.
And I think about what was it like to see the first person fall out in the spirit and people try to explain it away as something that they had never seen before.
What was it like to see it when she touched them and they fell out and everybody is like, "That is witchcraft."Instantaneously, there is a devil behind that.
And they are healed by the power of God. Because what you cannot explain, the church automatically throws rocks at it and they try to kill it.
They do not cultivate it. She did not have anybody, I am sure, to call up on the phone, similar to what I do not a lot.
You are doing something that is never been done before. Pioneer work.
Seeing in the spirit like this and putting it on a live broadcast, I do not see anybody else doing it.
And I am not trying to pat myself on the back, but the Lord said, "Brandon, be a forerunner to the next move."When I told you I saw the chariots of fire when I was with Jesus in heaven and I was on the edge of heaven and Jesus was standing next to me and he said, "Do you see?"I said, "Lord, what are all those chariots of fire?"There were angels that look like chariots.
They were on these chariots and the fire was behind them. The horses were in front that were beautiful.
And these angels had this armor on and they had gifts that were all on the back that were like presents that had bows on them.
It was symbolic. And I said, "Lord, what are those?"He said, "Those are end-time mantles.
Those are end-time giftings that have never been seen before on this earth for the last outpouring, for I am going to do something new that has never been done before."I thought about a lot as I have had these visitations really what he was saying and he said that that is yours right there as the chariots of fire.
On December the 25th of 2024, he spoke to me and he said, "I am giving out the gifts."And I saw those chariots of fire going all throughout the world and they were dropping them on people and they floated down and that cloak that I always talk about comes on people.
And he said, "You will cultivate this. Cultivate my presence."And as I saw the chariots of fire moving around, not all people got their gift because they were not ready for it.
And some of the chariots of fire went back with the presence that they had because the people had not refined.
They had not died and you did not qualify. People try to fast-track microwave to the anointing.
They want to be the microwave. They want to be the one that's cut in line.
And there's no line cutting. It comes by refining, and there is no microwave.
It is a slow cooker that cooks over time from glory to glory. He's changing us.
Whenever I bring these things to you, what I'm trying to say is I go back to elders that were forerunners like Jack Cole Roberts.
Kim Clement is not here anymore. John Paul Jackson is not here anymore.
I look at people that walked in different giftings that were very polished and really good at it.
They were yielded. I think about how God used them and they went home.
A lot of these men and women of God didn't live past 60. I don't understand all that.
But I'm going to tell you this again: He will share his glory with no one. We are to attract, to deflect.
As I try to tell you about books like this, this is how I try so hard to find him on a more intimate level than I already have found him.
I say, I know there's more. I say it all the time. Lord, I know there's more. I've barely touched this.
If the angels can go around your throne and say, 'Holy, holy, holy is the Lord of hosts throughout eternity,'and they keep seeing something new about you, it's not something that they're doing because it's just fun to do.
They're seeing something new about the Father that they never knew existed every single time.
They saw a new glimpse of his holiness and the awe of God, the splendor, the majesty of who he is.
That's why I try so hard to have my spiritual thermostat, Diana and I both, checked all the time.
What makes me go from glory to glory, the refining? I told him, I said, 'I'm not satisfied with where I'm at.
Where is the next level? Persecution comes with it. Yeah, I know. Well, what does it take?'Not always.
I told Braden, I said, 'In my curiosity, I'm saying don't let me taste it yet until I can see it, because I don't know if I really truly want it in the natural, because I know what it took to get where I'm at and the relationship that I have, and it has come out of very, very hard times.'I always test it, and the Lord said, 'Let me tell you, this right here, this book right here, my wife came.'The Lord spoke to me about being offended by things.
Something that would seem so small is something that's so big to the Lord, because he said in Matthew 24 that many will be offended in these last days.
That's why I brought it to you all yesterday, because how do I go from glory to glory?
He's changing me. Many of you go, 'Well, Brandon, bless his heart. He has so much to learn.'Yes, I do.
But what you're not understanding is he said, 'Many will be offended.'It's almost impossible not to be offended.
There are many of you that don't realize that you're the ones that I was talking to last night.
I was trying to present it to you so that you could check your thermostat.
I wasn't judging. I'm just saying I'm trying to have you check your thermostat with him.
Are you good with him? You may know a lot about him, but does he know you?
I say that all the time because it's so true. 'Depart from me, I never knew you,'is what he'll say to all.
For wide is the way that leads to destruction. Big path, little path to him.
Big path to destruction and to the devil. Little path to him.
That means not many people are on it. Are you on it? Be real with yourself tonight.
That's what I try to be real with myself all the time. Strip yourself down.
Am I really fooling myself? Am I trying to present myself to other people that I got it all together?
Because that's pride. Strip. Show people your vulnerable side so that they're able to learn from it.
If I can find somebody that's real on YouTube than all the sugarcoated crap that I see, Hollywood Christianity, show me how to get there.
Show me how to walk with him. I don't want to hear about how you present yourself as so perfect. Show me your flaws.
Tell me how you got where you are and how you walk with the King, because that's what's going to help me, not how you try to present yourself as a Hollywood star.
All the other stuff is just I have to wash the word baloney. That's a good word.
Better than what I was gonna say. That's just flesh. It's real though. You get tired of it.
Pastors and people that just try to display themselves and you go, 'I know you're a train wreck in life really at home behind all your four walls.
Your kids are messed up and everything, and you present yourself as such much.'But I honor the position that you're walking in. I honor the position because God put you there.
Saul was one that David had all right to be really ticked off at and could have killed him several times, but he didn't and honored the anointing on his life.
And he said, 'I will touch not the anointed.'He had every right to kill him right there in that cave and all the other times because he could have, but he feared God.
I thought it's not about it; it's because God did it, so I honor the position. But I want to learn.
I want to grab a hold of it and you pull yourself up and you keep crawling because it's all about having relationship with him in the ultimate.
When it's all done, I'm going to stand before him and give an account for everything I've done, and I fear him.
But if all of it was to go away today, I'm still going to pursue him just like I always have because my relationship has just been a pursuit since I was 16 years old.
I want more, listening to tapes, listening to things because I have glimpses.
When you taste and see who he is, that's why I bring these things to you.
I was telling somebody, I think they messaged me or something.
I thought, how better a way to try to teach somebody other than by pure example?
When the Lord said, 'Brandon, I want you to teach my people how to enter in,'I said, 'I don't have a clue of what I'm doing.
I don't know what you want me to say. You want me to talk to all these people?
How do I become a teacher to all these people who have all these different opinions of how they think I should do it already?
And none of them know the intimacy of you.'I would say 99% of you, and I don't mean this out of disrespect, have no clue of the intimacy you have.
You're so fake. I come across it all the time. You say, 'Well, you're so judgmental.'I really don't care what you think.
I'm telling you, you're watching me and I'm trying to tell you what I see by the Spirit of God, what's coming because he talks to me.
Now, if you want to go listen to somebody else, go listen to them.
But I can't apologize for it anymore. I get in trouble when I get off here.
He said, 'If they leave, they'll be back. Don't worry about it.
They'll leave like a chicken fluffing their feathers, but they'll be back because it's authentic. Keep being authentic in who I've called you to be.
Tell them what's coming, for they don't know.'So, all that being said, I appreciate every single one of you.
I'm glad you're here. But I can't be distracted with who's here and who's not.
At the same time, I want you to get it so bad because we're running out of time. Jesus Christ is coming.
That's a different level: to escape the judgment, to escape the things, is having your lamp full of oil. The virgins, there's 10 of them.
Five didn't have their lamps full and weren't having being filled with or controlled by the Holy Ghost, and five did.
The others, they all knew he was coming, but there was an anticipation with the five and they remained ready.
And the other two thought, Well, we better go now because we see it. And it was too late.
I truly believe with all my heart, half of the body of Christ will be left. And there are a lot of you that don't want to hear that.
But it's the ones who remain filled with and controlled by the Holy Ghost that qualify, filled to the overflow.
Who is seeking him? Who is spotless? Who is waiting for the master? I want to be the virgin with my lamp full.
And you can argue with me all you want to, but I'm telling you what I feel in my heart, what the word says.
Keep your lamp full. Salvation just gets you through the door.
I say the sinner's prayer, I'm there. Healing belongs to me.
All these things. But it's about a cultivation of a relationship with him.
I don't go back to the things of the world. People get mad about that.
But I see so many Christians who live compromise and continually do it and they have no desire to come up higher.
They say they're saved, but they act just like the world. I can't tell the difference between the two of them. There's no intimacy with the father.
They're more into the world and hanging out and going to parties and doing things like that than if Jesus was standing right there before you, would you know it?
I just choose to walk with him. And do I have it all figured out yet?
No. But I'm closer to it than a lot of you. And that's just being real.
And I don't give myself a pat on the back about it at all. I'm trying to tell you it's come out of pressure.
It's come out of cultivation. And anytime I tell you what I see, I believe with all my heart there's fruit in it.
The Lord says, Strip it. The 40 million isn't there yet because the haters are going to run with it.
And I need you to do this because I need it not to be a bad taste in the baby's mouth.
He's trying to draw you in. Anonymously in the things I'm telling you is coming.
I believe with all my heart First Corinthians 5:5, I believe with all my heart the Lord is shaking the church to awaken it.
And I try to be as real as I can, like I said. And there's a lot of things I hold back.
A lot of things because you can't chew a T-bone steak a lot of times with no teeth. You'll choke on it.
And so, I want to go over some of the vision real quick because I don't have a lot of time. We need to pray for Trump.
But what I saw about the banks last night, and when I tried to show you, it was like a Kleenex and I saw the banking and all that.
And I saw Brad Garlinghouse and I said there was a black line out here and there was a Kleenex on top of it.
It looked like this and he said it's rice paper thin. The new Clarity Act.
I'm bringing clarity and I saw Garlinghouse excited sitting there just wanting to get this thing rolling as I saw a rocket taking off with a rope around it and I saw three big bankers.
One was the Chase guy and he had a hold of a rope trying to hold down the rocket of crypto.
He was pulling it down trying to control it like a kite. And I watched him and he kept pulling it.
As long as it was in his control, he would let it go as high as he wanted to and then he would reel it back down.
He would pull that metal rope and all three of them were trying to pull it and control it and they would let it go high and they would pull it back down.
So what I gathered what the Lord was showing me about that was manipulation.
They were manipulating the rocket. They were controlling the rocket by a rope.
Does that make sense? And so I thought that was kind of interesting.
As I was looking into that vision or what the Lord was showing me, I saw that black line and this black looking line that I saw, that was the foundation.
And Garlinghouse, this man was looking at it again like he looked mysterious the way his face was.
He looked like he was studying it and he was pleased. But there was something more behind his grin.
He just needed clarity. I saw a bunch of coins laying down on it looked like it was in outer space.
I don't know what this was, but they were all laying down and they were traveling on a golden umbrella looking like you would see Saturn's rings in space.
It looked like something that was transparent, but it had stability to it. Something like that.
And I don't know about Saturn's rings, y'all, but I'm just saying that's what it kind of looked like. Something that was moving like a river.
And all of a sudden, these coins, one of the coins come up and a demon jumped right up out of it and crawled his way out of it and it looked like Lilo and Stitch. So, I believe it was Stitch. Is Lilo the girl? Yeah. Okay.
So, the Stitch, the demon looking thing on the Disney cartoon, crawled up out of this coin and pulled himself up and started running around on that golden stream.
And I don't know what that was, but I still thought that was really interesting because I saw demons coming up out of these coins.
And the Lord reminded me about how he told me this is the beginning of the beast system. A new industrial revolution.
The clarity that will come in the days ahead for a new industrial revolution that will be like it was with Benjamin Franklin starting out electricity and it would go on and go on and go on, that a new AI backed everything.
As I was looking into that, I saw Israel, I saw new things coming that nobody knows that I can't talk about all of it.
New weapons that no one knows exist in America and China and Israel and nations through AI.
And as I was looking into this, I was allowed to see prototypes, things that were being ready to be mass produced, things that no one knows.
And that's why the Lord said, Be still. And I heard it and he said, Draw it back. Do not share what you're seeing in there.
And I was allowed to see things that were actually frightening weapons of war that would make the hair raise up on your head if you have none.
And I thought we're entering into a time that is shock and awe because of AI and quantum computing weapons that look like something out of a movie, but even a movie don't have it.
And so I was taken back by some of it. I watched it and I said, Oh my gosh, water weapons down below, all kinds of things.
And I'm going to tell you folks, we have not entered into a time of this kind of race ever about what we're about to see with this new industrial revolution.
A.I. And so that's what I saw. I saw it all went together. It looked like it was all over the place, but it was a puzzle in my spirit what he was showing me that all went together as one.
Praying over Claudia because her days are numbered because she's going to be removed soon.
Praying over this new Antonio Banderas Banderas conservative man to rise up and take hold of Mexico and bring stability and get rid of the cartel in a great way.
But the Lord said you must pray for his protection. They have such a stronghold in Mexico's government and all of their politics or whatever that they are bought. These people are just puppets.
And so the Lord showed me because of the finances, this was billions of dollars that have been corrupt through trafficking children, fentanyl, all these things.
And Trump needs to go in and just help. I don't know how do we police the world, but how do you go in and just wipe this out and clean it up because it is a cancer to the world.
It stemmed. It went through Venezuela. It went through Colombia. It went through all of South America.
It spread like cancer of the cartel and the trafficking and the bullying of how they bully families and how these people work in these drug plants.
I have seen it all by the spirit of God. I could see it in Colombia.
I could see it. They have tentacles in all of it. It went clear into Europe. It went into Asia.
The tentacles were so deep and so big, so vast, that I do not know if our law enforcement has a clue. That is why I believe Trump is attacking it as he is.
But the vastness of the corruption in all the governments is being funded by drug cartel money and with Santería, the witchcraft, whatever it is.
Santería, I believe, is what it is called. There were so many candles and so much darkness that I was seeing all throughout Cuba and all throughout Venezuela.
A thick layer, this day layer of witchcraft and darkness, needs to be penetrated for the greatest revival of this world is about to happen.
The Lord said, I wish that none should perish, but all come to repentance.
This will be cultivated and combed with prayer and people rising up with a backbone in these last days.
As I looked into Cuba, as I looked into these things, the Lord showed me how dark the darkness was and how much the body of Christ has to rise up and take the land back for him.
It will come when people get some Holy Ghost and fire. You are not going to do this by being a limp-wristed Christian.
You are going to have to have some backbone. The greatest revival we have ever seen is standing at our door.
That is why I told you judgment begins in the house of the Lord first.
Everything I have told you about 1 Corinthians 5:5, he said, I am cleaning up my pulpits.
I am cleaning up my church right now, Brandon. I am getting rid of the compromise.
The way they abuse money, the way they handle the ministry. I am done with it.
I am raising up people with integrity that will handle my money correctly, that will spend it where I tell them to spend it, do with it what I want them to do with it, and get the job done.
I do not care about you having blessing as long as a blessing does not have you.
But the pride and the ego and all of the stuff we see is going to be a stripping and a humbling before a mighty holy God.
Those are the things I saw last night. I saw that, and then I saw Italy.
The Lord said to me, I am going to shake Italy. I am going to shake the Vatican.
I am going to shake the Catholic Church in the days ahead. I actually saw cracks in the buildings of the Vatican split.
Great structural damage to buildings that are hundreds of years old, maybe thousands.
I saw big cracks in the walls. The Lord said, Great earthquakes are about to take place in Italy.
I saw volcanic eruption happening. I saw the soil of Italy being shaken in Rome.
I saw around the world major shakings. It was a sign in the natural of what is happening in the spirit.
A shaking in the Mormon church from false doctrine, shaking the Mormon church, shaking the LDS, shaking the Catholic Church, shaking the charismatic church, shaking the Baptist, shaking the Methodist.
He said, I am shaking all of these organizations, these tents that you want to call them, and I am bringing the bride to my side.
There is too much division. You will operate as one body, not Catholic, charismatic, Baptist, Methodist, all this.
He said, Brandon, it would be like wartimes. What I did whenever World War II was taking place, everybody came together to make the nation work.
Women worked in the factories. They helped out because their husbands were out fighting the war.
But the nation moved on. Things kept going because people stepped in and helped out.
It was wartime. The nation relied. That is how it happened. Food, people, brothers came together.
I know the Bible says that in the end men will be lovers of themselves and things will take place like it says in Matthew 24, but the remnant, the Holy Ghost church will be the ones without spot or wrinkle that are sold out to him.
He is not coming back for a church that is defeated. He is coming back for a church that is on fire for him and is expecting the glory on their lives.
So many people have a retreat mentality. I have to get out of here.
Let the rapture take place because times are getting hard. But he told me, he said, I never designed your armor for retreat.
The shield of faith, the breastplate, the girdle of truth, the gospel shoes, your helmet of salvation, all of it was designed to take authority and dominion.
The land was never designed for retreat. There is no armor on the backside.
There are so many people that are ready to abandon ship. Get out of here.
We have to go. The sky is falling, Chicken Little. The Lord said, Brandon, I have designed you for so much more.
As he is, ladies and gentlemen, so are we in this world. He wants us to come up higher. We have to get offense out of our life.
That is why he said, Tell them of them that are offended, and they do not even realize it.
You are walking in offense towards your pastors, toward family, toward your wife.
Adultery ultimately starts with offense. She did not perform in the bedroom.
He did not perform. He did not do this. So, I look out there. It started with offense.
Or I had a better relationship at work. I could talk to them at work better because I had an emotional tie.
But ultimately all failures, all sin, all a lot of it starts with some kind of offense.
I am having Diana read this to me and it changes me. The glory of God.
There is so much scripture in this book. You go, I did not realize that was in there.
Wow. I am not here to plug a book. This is not even my book. I do not write another book, but I try to find things to help people.
I do not know this man, but I know there is fruit there that is helping me and it helps my wife and it helps my son.
He says, Daddy, it is helping me so much, and he is just a teenager.
So, how much more could it help you, too? Maybe it would not. Maybe you say, Well, that is not for me.
But always check your thermostat. Maybe you have an offense to somebody or have an open door for offense.
But if you cannot forgive those that have trespassed against you and hurt you and harmed you, God cannot forgive you if you cannot forgive them.
God is looking for you to take the first step. I forgive him. Father, I pray for those that despitefully use and come against me.
I went through my list of what I call my enemies and made sure of every person I bring up in there and I bring up people's names I have not brought up in a long time.
Oh Father, I thank you. If I feel that inside, I go, oh, there might be something there.
Search me and know me. Could be your old boss. You thought you buried it, but there is something there.
I just search in myself, God. Whatever it takes for me to be more like you. Purify me. Give me a clean heart before you, Lord.
Because all I know is that you are looking for somebody whose heart is perfect towards you and you are looking for somebody whose vessel is right.
I want to be that potter that is looking at the pot, going, Man, that is a good piece of work.
I can use this now. It is a little flawed, but I will use what I can. I can take him so far, but it is not really ready.
So, I will put it over here and say, to be continued or at a future date. And that is why I thought, whoa, Lord, what does it take?
Because I know your flesh screams every time he gets to raise the impurities out of gold.
You have to get it hot and you scoop the dross and the other stuff out of it.
You pull the impurities because they rise first to the top. You scoop them out.
And that is what happens when you refine yourself. The impurities come to the top. It is painful. It is refining.
And the more I do that, the more I cultivate his presence, he pulls those impurities out of me.
You have got this to work on. And let me tell you something. People do not understand the vastness of the soul.
I see it and I can walk up to it and there are rooms and I do not know how to describe it to you, but I can see the rooms in the soul. There are actually these on each individual person.
I can walk up to it and there are doors and the Lord will allow me to see it in the spirit and you can open it up and there are cobwebs in some, there is dirt.
That is what I would consider dirt. It is metaphor. There are tables with bugs and you look at it and the Lord said, I want to deal with that pain right there.
I said, What pain? Well, how do you do that? He said, In my spirit.
You bring this over here into here, bring that supernatural into this natural and this mind and the emotions, the soulish realm, and you can fix it with the word and I will see it being filled with flowers and beautiful things.
And he said I want to fill your life with joy, but the soulish realm is a lot more vast than what you realize in the spirit realm.
Until I am able to explain it more, people say, Well, Brandon, you are getting off in weirdo.
I am not. I just am not able to describe the things of the spirit, what I see sometimes. It is so real.
If people realized how vast God is and how vast his kingdom is and all the things in heaven, it is so amazing.
There is no ending and there is really no beginning. He is forever.
I have been able to see, he will allow me to see through, and the most intimate times I have had with him.
He said, The light is his skin. The light is his skin. There is no darkness at all.
But once you get past the light and he will shelter it, if he moves it over, you can see into the midst of it.
There is no beginning and there is no end. There are flickers of light that look like they are moving and it is the most beautiful thing.
I do not know how else to describe it to you, but there are three stones upon his head.
I saw a silhouette and I see these beautiful stones that were on a crown. It was like this thing on his head.
The things I have been allowed to see in visions and when he takes me in there, I try to describe it to my kids.
Even the writing on the walls in the throne room, there is writing that I still try to make out.
It was hieroglyphics. It was not cursive writing like we see in America.
This was beautiful hieroglyphics carved into the walls. He is a consuming fire.
His eye is a consuming fire. I am able to see it in layers. You say, Well, how would you see this and not burn up, Brandon?
I was sheltered in a way that I was allowed to. You say, I do not believe you.
I do not really care what you believe. I am trying to help you.
The light and the fire move on each other and dance. His eye is massive. As he always tells me, I am watching you. I am watching you.
You have heard me say those things, but I do not tell you the depth of what I see.
Whenever he sees, it is like rivers of living water that flow out of him.
His words do not die. They live like seeds right before his face. I have had that throne room experience.
I gave you a glimpse of just a little bit of something that I tried to explain to you of things that I see.
But for what I understood, people said, Brandon, that is exactly what Ezekiel saw.
I did not know. I do not read a lot of the Old Testament. I read the new and I read the things about Jesus.
I like to read the red Jesus. I love Ephesians and Hebrews and James.
God wants a relationship with you more than what you want with him.
But it is just dying to self to get there. It is not that you need more of him.
He needs more of you. I need you to have more of me. Create in me a clean heart.
What time is it? I am almost done. President Trump is about to speak here in a minute.
We need to pray for him. Father, I just thank you for President Trump tonight.
We lift him up before you. We thank you, Father, that no weapon formed against him will prosper.
Father, the bird that tries to peck at his brain, we say in the name of Jesus that the angels of the Lord are all around and about him, that he has clarity of thought tonight when he speaks.
I lift him up before you, Father, that his mind is the mind of Christ.
2 Timothy 1:7, God has not given him a spirit of fear, but of power, love, and a sound mind.
I pray that soundness over his mind right now and I put angels all around that chamber.
I take authority over the spirits of discord and disruption.
We take authority over the hecklers and we take authority over the spirit, for we wrestle not against flesh and blood.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that those principalities and those powers and their spiritual wickedness in high places, the demonic spirits that these people have yielded themselves over to, are not able to hinder, harm, or distract in any way tonight in the name of Jesus.
We thank you, Lord, that they would be paralyzed right there.
They would be hushed and silenced quickly so that he would get the job done and say what is on your heart, not what is on his, for our nation.
We thank you, Lord, that he is anointed for such a time as this, that he is protected as he goes and as he comes.
Father, I thank you, Lord, no weapon formed against him will prosper over these airways, that he would say the things that he needs to say and say it in an impactful manner getting ready for these midterms.
We give you all the glory and honor and praise for President Trump and for his family.
We thank you, Lord, for this nation. We thank you, Lord, that we will be a nation that is one nation unto God.
I did not take communion yet, but I plead the blood over what I am seeing.
Uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
I plead the blood over my eyes that I am not snared by any familiar spirits. I plead the blood over me, Father.
When that anointing comes on me, I am learning not everything that I see anymore that I am supposed to talk about.
I have to be quicker at discerning what he wants me to say. It is a river. The Lord shows me. He said, Do you realize?
I let you flow in that river and when you start flowing in it, he starts showing it. It is like going down a river, tubing on the road.
You are in the river, you see trees, you see the guy in the truck driving by and you may wave at you, but you do not always talk about the truck driving by.
You can see it, remember it, and it is in the spirit. It is a metaphor.
You are going down the river, and just because you are in that river does not mean you talk about the bass you saw jump up by it or the catfish nibbling at your toes.
You just keep going down the river. You saw it, but the person beside you did not.
Just because they did not see it, you do not have to tell them about it.
You can kind of hint at it. Look, that catfish was big. Some things are just for you.
That is the only way I can say I can tell you. Father, we thank you, Lord, right now in the name of Jesus. Lord, we praise you, Father, for tonight.
We praise you, Father, that the people are going from glory to glory, that you are drawing the bride to your side, that Father, they are excited about the soon return of your son, and they are keeping their lamps full of oil, Lord.
They are keeping their hearts full of oil. They are excited.
They have anticipation for the glory. They have anticipation to be on fire for the father.
Father, they are not just on their own agenda, but Father, they are on yours and they are looking to you saying, Father, what must I do for you?
What could I help you with? Oh, Father, I thank you, Lord, that my heart is perfect towards you, that you are able to look at me and say, Listen, you are ready.
Whatever is hindering the anointing, whatever is blocking the flow, remove it out of my life, Father.
I do not want to be a dam. I want to be a river. For out of my belly shall flow rivers of living water.
I thank you, Father, that tonight that river, that dam, whatever is holding back the greatest flow of the glory in my life, remove it in the name of Jesus.
There will be no beavers in me. There are no dams in me. I thank you, Father, that there is a flow of the Holy Ghost.
There is a flow of the spirit of the Lord inside of me. I have got a river of life flowing out of me that makes the lame walk and the blind see.
It opened prison doors, set the captives free. I have got a river of life flowing out of me.
Spring up a well. Spring up a well and make me whole. Spring up a well. I have got a river of life flowing out of me. It is flowing.
We are not going to let a dam build up inside of our soul, but we are going to allow the Holy Ghost to take control in these last days.
Going from glory to glory to glory. Walking in love with our brother, walking in love with the sister, walking in love.
Love takes no account of a suffered wrong. We are not going to walk in offense.
We are going to walk in love, and we are going to forgive those that despitefully use us and come against us.
We are going to come up higher, Father, where you are at your throne.
And we know that there is a place in God that the devil dare not come.
There is a place in God. There is a place in the glory. That is what Smith Wigglesworth always said.
There is a place in God. And I believe that we are the generation that will not taste death.
That will be that generation that says, Oh, Maranatha, come Lord Jesus, come. He is here.
No longer will we be waiting for him to come, but we say he is here and we are already on the other side of it.
Think about that. When we have been there 10,000 years, think about that.
After it has already happened, the events already happened and we have been there 10,000 years.
Think about that, bright shining as the sun. We have known our last days to sing God's praise.
I believe that date is right before us and then we are going to be able to say we are on the other side of it looking back. It is like the BC, the AD and the BC.
When is it going to boom, we are here and we are looking back at it and every year after that we get further and further from it.
I remember when he came. No other generation can say that. We can.
I remember. Do you? Oh, I was there the day it happened. They cannot say that.
I was there the day it happened. I remember when. Let me tell you about it.
Let me tell you about the day it happened. I was there. It was my generation as we are all around the throne room.
They had their experience in heaven with what it was like that day.
But I was on the earth and let me tell you what I was doing when it happened. I was raking my yard. I was out mowing my grass.
And suddenly my wife was over to the side and boy we are just going to be able to say that I was driving the car and I had to pull it over.
What is a car? Well, it is you know this thing we had on the earth.
We pulled over, got out of the car and we got ready because I saw something and all of a sudden I was taken up.
What did it feel like, Brennan? Oh, you will never, the words cannot describe what it felt like.
What is it going to be like to go back in generation and tell the people what it was like?
As time goes by, I will never forget the day. It is like the day you got born again.
I will never forget the day when I got water baptized. I come up out of that water and I was brand new. I felt something that day.
I did not hear the angels singing, just a few saints on the shore, but I felt like a newborn baby cradled up in the arms of the Lord.
It was down with the old man, up with a new. Thank you, Father.
I just try to get you to anticipate it. It is so real in me because I have seen the day it happens.
I have seen the night sky when it happens. The lightning and all the things that I have seen.
And I am telling you, in a moment, in a twinkling of an eye, we are all changed.
The moment we are all there and I saw us when we go and it is the most beautiful thing.
I told you I was doing my wife was doing somersaults in the valley and she said, Bren, it really happened.
We are there. He allowed me to have that moment the day it happens.
And I saw it. I saw the beautiful mountains in heaven. They were gorgeous.
I will never forget it. And I know I have my glorified body. I have a full head of hair and all the things that are about to take place.
I am just trying to prepare you that we are about to see the greatest harvest of souls before I end this that we have ever seen before.
Jesus Christ is standing at the door. And there are so many of you that are living compromising lives and you are not ready.
You must turn. You must repent of your sins. You must come up higher with him.
I do not want what the devil has. I only want what he has. Change me, Father.
I know we are all a work in progress, but we do not deliberately do it.
We do not deliberately sin all the time. We change; the word will change us from the inside out.
Jesus, make me more like you. Holy Spirit, I cannot do this on my own.
Thank you, Father. Oh, how I love Jesus because he first loved me.
Oh, how I love Jesus because he first loved me. Because he first loved me.
Oh, how I love Jesus. Oh, how I love Jesus. Oh, how I love Jesus because he first loved me.
Thank you, Lord, for loving me. Thank you, Lord, for setting me free.
Thank you, Lord, that you are coming back for me. Thank you, Father.
Now, Lord, real quick, I hear President Trump so I can pray for him during his thing.
But Lord, we just spend this time with you. Thank you. From this night forward, we are going to see change.
From this night forward, things start to change. We call breakthrough in laws.
We call breakthrough in the Senate, in the House. We call breakthrough in this bill.
And we thank you, Father, that liberation is coming to the people and a great move of God.
Oh, yeah. I remember that. I saw train cars last night, too. I saw train cars last night.
What is that number for, son? How many got saved in Spanish? Oh, tonight we just had an altar call on our Spanish channel tonight.
We had 27 people give their heart to Jesus Christ on our live Spanish channel. Isn't that wonderful, son? I'm so proud of that.
Our Spanish channel, we do a live separate from yesterday and we put it on there live for them.
And so that's yesterday's altar call. Braden did it for us. 27 people gave their heart to Jesus Christ tonight on Spanish.
Isn't that amazing, buddy? Yeah. I told you there's hundreds of people getting born again on this channel every day.
It happens all the time and we're so grateful all the other channels are taking off and the Lord does it in South Korea and China and people are getting born again.
27 in Spanish tonight, that's just right now. The video will keep going and people will watch it throughout the rest of the couple days, you know, and there'll be probably 50, maybe more.
Just off one video, we give it an altar call. Those mean something so much to Braden.
The foreign countries are not able to really hear it like we do. The South Koreans touch me every time.
We get a lot of South Korean people born again when you weep for the souls.
You're pulling them out of hell, one soul at a time. And it blesses me so.
Well, 27, son. That's good. I'm just so glad God used me to do it today. He could have used anybody.
And just to say that spreads down through their families, you know, you change a whole generation through that.
All it takes is one good daddy to lead all those kids and those families to Jesus and your aunts, your uncles, and it spreads.
It's like network marketing, you know. You start getting all of them are born again.
Well, all glory to Jesus. You got me off track a little bit. I start crying like a big old baby again.
I just rejoice, y'all. That's just me. I have these little crying fits whenever he tells me this stuff all the time.
And I pray for these people to come out of hell all the time and come and get born again. I intercede for them as we drive around my city.
We go into the slums and we drive up and down the street and call him revival and pray for him, praying for people to have an encounter with Jesus.
I remember what it was like to be bound by eight demonic spirits, ready to kill myself to the point where I thought there's no future for me.
I remember being so bound by the demonic and they wanted to put me in a hospital.
My mom and dad didn't know what to do with me. And Jesus set me free.
And when he was as bound as what I was and you know the taste of freedom, I just want to tell everybody I can how good my friend is.
If you're here tonight and you've never experienced that and you could be watching me right now and you're like, "Braden, what are you talking about?"He came to save that which was lost.
He's saying, "I'm leaving the 99 right now to go after the one."Braden, if you're here tonight and you would want to know my friend Jesus, it's not religion.
I hate religion. Hate it. I'm all about relationship. I don't even really want to claim anything.
I just say I'm non-denominational. I go to church where people just love Jesus.
I love our pastors. They're good people. They love the Lord.
I look for people who are authentic, that really truly love and pray for each other and want just to have relationship with Jesus.
None of us are perfect. We're all ex-sinners saved by grace.
But I'm going to tell you, there's a lot of you here tonight. There's 5,600 of you right now.
There's probably at least one of you. Millions have come, but there's still room for one as you yield him your body and soul.
Is your all on the altar a sacrifice made? Does your heart, does the spirit control?
Oh, millions have come, but there's still room for one as you yield him your body and soul.
I just want to ask you tonight, do you know my friend? Does he know you? If you were to die tonight, where would you spend eternity?
I just saw 27 people, my son, just told me that I have brothers and sisters in Spanish.
They gave their heart to Jesus Christ tonight. Is it your night?
If you're here tonight and you want to accept Jesus, if you want to know him, or you used to be on fire for him and you just want to sell out again, you want to say, "Hey, I want to be all in.
I don't want to be where I'm at. I'm having a really hard time."Braden, will you please pray for me?
I'll say a simple prayer with you and we'll believe with you, but it's your choice to dip back in the river and say, "Jesus, I yield over.
Here I am. I'm coming to you with everything I have. Help me. I'm not running from you.
I'm running to you."So tonight, if you're here, I'll say this simple prayer.
But I want you to be bold about your decision tonight, just like those 27 souls that did.
Come boldly to the throne of grace. So say, "Jesus, I believe you're the son of God.
I believe you died for me on the cross. You rose again on the third day. I believe you died for me and you rose again on the third day.
Jesus, I ask you to forgive me of my sins because I'm a sinner and I need a savior.
As of today, I turn my back on the world. I turn my back on my sin.
I turn my back on the devil. And from this day forward, I'll serve you with all my heart.
Jesus, I'm sold out to you. Thank you, Lord. I ask you to write my name in the Lamb's Book of Life.
Forgive me, Lord. And I thank you, Lord. From this day forward, I'll serve you with all I have.
I'm born again. I'm a new creature. I'm a new creature created in Christ Jesus.
I'm so grateful that you've forgiven me. And from this day forward, Lord, if I was to die, I'll be with you in paradise.
Amen. And amen. I believe as simple as that was, you're a born again Christian.
Behold, he's made all things new. I believe that tonight's a new night for you, a new start. Now, what do you do?
I would go to a non-denominational church, get plugged in there, tell the pastor, "I want to be water baptized."Get water baptized.
Get plugged in. Go to Wednesday, Sunday, whenever they have the doors open.
Read your Bible every single day. Pray. If you don't have a Bible, I will buy you your first Bible.
We'll send it to you. We need your email. You can in the description down below.
You can go on there and email us and say, "I just got born again and I need your address."There's been a lot of people that will just say, "Hey, I got born again."I don't know your address.
I can't send you a Bible without having an address. So, you got to give me your address.
And I'm not going to solicit you. I won't bother you ever again.
I just want to bless you with your first Bible. So, if you got born again tonight, welcome to the family.
We love you. Stick around. Pray with us. Be a part of our prayer team here.
We pray. I try to do it as much as I can. And we're so excited that you're here.
Like, subscribe, click the notification bell, do all the things you can do to help us.
Stick around. We're excited you're here and we rejoice for you coming to Jesus tonight.
I don't know if there's even just one, but I'm excited if there was.
So that's that. I don't know. Well, I don't know if you all want to go listen to President Trump.
I'm teasing the flock of America. He's the pastor of America.
No, I'm teasing. I pray for that man more than I pray for anybody else. Oh Lord, bless him. Oh, 59. That's amazing.
Welcome to the family, all 59 of you that gave your heart to Jesus Christ tonight.
That's wonderful. So, we had 27 and 59 in one night so far. Isn't that wonderful?
I can't wait to see what South Korea does. So, wow, 59 and 27. Welcome to the family, all of you.
Isn't that wonderful, Braden? It's wonderful. People are coming in.
It's not just a little fishing poles anymore. We're going out with the nets just like he told us.
He said, Brendon, I want you to throw out the nets. You're no longer going to use a fishing pole, son.
You're going to use a net. So, we're going after them in the nets, big shrimping boat nets, and we're having the big dredge.
We're getting them all in, all to the glory of Jesus. Oh man, me crying made my face all puffy because my nose has been running.
We're praying for Diana. We had COVID. We got it from something; I don't know, and that's what we were overcoming.
But I took the ivermectin in my communion every day, and I'm so grateful I didn't get it that bad.
And so I'm very thankful the Lord had mercy on me. Diana's better today; she's doing a lot better.
And Braden's doing good, and Paisley and Megan are doing good.
We're not running a fever anymore. Diana just needs to get her taste and her smell back.
She still doesn't taste her food; she needs a healing still.
But the devil's a liar and he's been defeated and we're healed and we're whole.
Stupid virus. Man-made, though, you can tell. But we're doing a lot better. All glory to Jesus. I won't keep you all.
I don't know if you want to stick around me, or if we could watch the thing together, but I'm sure you watch it with your kids.
I didn't want to not have a video tonight for you and pray for the nation, but it really wasn't a lot of prayer; it was me just telling you about Jesus coming and about the father.
But we love you, and I guess we'll end it there. I'm sure they want to watch him; they like watching President Trump.
I'm curious as to what he's going to say. So, to all 5,600 of you, thank you for coming out tonight.
We love you and we'll be back, and we'll pray again, praying for the nations and things to come.
Remember to put a smile on your face and a song in your heart. Jesus loves you so much and we love you. God bless you and we'll see you again soon. Bye-bye.